# Journal Evolution Updates

11_18_15

[Eaton, D. A. R., Hipp, A. L., González-Rodríguez, A. and Cavender-Bares, J. (2015), Historical introgression among the American live oaks and the comparative nature of tests for introgression. Evolution, 69: 2587–2601. doi: 10.1111/evo.12758](http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/evo.12758/abstract)
-This paper applies another D statistic to test for historical introgression between oak species in the southern United States, Caribbean, and Mexico. The paper lays out well the problem of distinguishing observed admixture in extant populations from detecting admixture in theoretical (historical) populations that were not sampled.  They conclude that based on frequent historical introgression, oak species around the Gulf of Mexico were not constricted during previous ice ages and have maintained a stable distribution over time.

[Huang, Y., Stinchcombe, J. R. and Agrawal, A. F. (2015), Quantitative genetic variance in experimental fly populations evolving with or without environmental heterogeneity. Evolution, 69: 2735–2746. doi: 10.1111/evo.12771](http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/evo.12771/abstract)
-This paper presents a drosophila experiment where researchers subjected certain populations to environments that varied temporally and spatially in salt and cadmium exposure.  They found that genetic variation and fitness increased in populations the were spatially heterogenous, with higher levels of genetic variation than the temporally varied environments.  This is consistent with the hypothesis that limited environmental variability decreases genetic variation.  